---
sidebar_position: 8
title: FAQs
---

### Frequently Asked Questions

Here are some frequently asked questions (FAQs) about the AI Jeannie JIRA plugin:

1. **What is AI Jeannie?**  AI Jeannie is a JIRA plugin that assists Business Analysts to generate detailed requirements for epics and user stories based on project definition. It uses advanced text generation models from popular AI provider to quickly generate high-quality, accurate, and relevant requirements. This simplifies the process for all the project teams, saving them time and effort when creating the requirements in Jira.

2. **Which AI providers does AI Jeannie integrate with?** AI Jeannie integrates with OpenAI, and Azure OpenAI providers. You can choose the provider that suits your needs during the installation process.

3. **Can I customize the content generated by AI Jeannie?** Yes, AI Jeannie provides customizable templates for epic descriptions, user story descriptions, and acceptance criteria. You can modify these templates to fit your specific requirements.

4. **How does AI Jeannie understand the context of a JIRA issue?** AI Jeannie uses natural processing language to understand the context of project specifications, Epics and User stories and generate relevant requirements.

5. **Does AI Jeannie support multiple JIRA project boards?** Yes, AI Jeannie can be configured separately for each JIRA project board. You can define project-specific settings and templates to generate content based on your project's needs.

6. **Does AI Jeannie provide any collaboration features?** Yes, AI Jeannie provides common language and standardized terminology through prompt template, fostering the collaboration between the Business Analyst and other Jira users.  

7. **Is AI Jeannie secure to use?** Yes, AI Jeannie takes data security and privacy seriously. It only accesses the necessary data from your JIRA instance for generating content. Your API keys and configuration details are securely stored and transmitted.

8. **Can I get support if I encounter any issues with AI Jeannie?** Yes, AI Jeannie provides support to its users. You can reach out to the plugin support team for any queries or assistance related to the plugin.

9. **Can I generate a User Story without an Epic?**
Yes, you can generate a User Story without an Epic. However, the result might not be as effective. Since, it will lack the context provided by the Epic and will have to rely solely on the project definition.
 
10. **Can I cut the Acceptance Criteria (AC) from the description and paste it into the AC box? Will this affect the Sequence Diagram?**
No, AI Jeannie do not support cutting and pasting AC text directly. However, you can achieve this by using the "Copy to Description" action.
 	
11. **Can I select multiple User Stories (or link them) and generate an overall Sequence Diagram?**
No, AI Jeannie generates the Sequence Diagram based on the acceptance criteria of the selected User Story. The dependent Acceptance Criteria should also be generated by using AI Jeannie.

12. **Does AI Jeannie support multiple Initiatives under the same Jira Project? How can I configure this?**
No, currently AI Jeannie plugin only supports project definition configuration at the project level and not at the board/component level.





