---
sidebar_position: 7
title: Permissions 
---

JIRA Permission mapping for AI Jeannie against the features.

1. AI Provider Configuration​
2. Project Definition Configuration
3. Prompt Templates Configuration​
4. Acceptance Criteria Generation​
5. Predictive Epic/User Story Generation
6. Sequence Diagram Generation​

### Feature 1: AI Provider Configuration​

AI Jeannie supports integration with multiple AI providers, including OpenAI and Azure OpenAI. Users can configure the AI provider settings in the plugin to specify the AI model deployment URL, model name, API version, and API key. This allows users to choose the AI provider that best suits their needs and leverage the capabilities of the selected provider for content generation.

**Permissions:** read:issue.property:jira, write:issue.property:jira, read:project.property:jira, write:project.property:jira

| Scope | Description | API Usage |
| --- | --- | --- |
| read:issue.property:jira | Allows reading information about Jira issue properties | Storage API |
| write:issue.property:jira | Allows creating and updating Jira issue properties | Storage API |
| read:project.property:jira | Allows reading information about Jira project properties | Storage API |
| write:project.property:jira | Allows creating and updating Jira project properties | Storage API |

### Feature 2: Project Definition Configuration

AI Jeannie allows users to configure the project definition for a specific JIRA project board. The project definition includes information about the domain, business rules, terminology, and other relevant details that AI Jeannie uses to generate accurate and relevant requirements. By configuring the project definition, users can tailor the AI Jeannie output to match the specific requirements of their project.

**Permissions:** read:issue.property:jira, write:issue.property:jira, read:project.property:jira, write:project.property:jira

| Scope | Description | API Usage |
| --- | --- | --- |
| read:issue.property:jira | Allows reading information about Jira issue properties | Storage API |
| write:issue.property:jira | Allows creating and updating Jira issue properties | Storage API |
| read:project.property:jira | Allows reading information about Jira project properties | Storage API |
| write:project.property:jira | Allows creating and updating Jira project properties | Storage API |

### Feature 3: Prompt Template Configuration

AI Jeannie provides customizable prompt templates for generating acceptance criteria for epic and user story descriptions. These templates serve as a starting point for content generation and can be customized to suit the user's preferences. Users can modify the prompt templates to include project-specific terminology or adhere to specific writing styles, ensuring that the generated requirements align closely with project requirements and organizational standards. 

**Permissions:** storage:app

| Scope | Description | API Usage |
| --- | --- | --- |
| storage:app | Allows storing and retrieving data for an app in the Atlassian cloud storage service | Storage API |


### Feature 4: Epics/User Stories - Acceptance Criteria Generation

AI Jeannie automates the generation of acceptance criteria based on the project definition. It uses the natural processing language to understand the context of the project definition along with the summaries of Epics and User stories, to generate appropriate acceptance criteria. Users have flexibility to append these acceptance criteria or overwrite the existing description of Epics and user stories, based on their specific needs and preferences. 

**Permissions:** read:jira-work, read:jira-user, read:issue:jira, write:issue:jira, read:comment:jira

| Scope | Description | API Usage |
| --- | --- | --- |
| read:jira-work | Allows reading information about Jira worklogs | Issue API |
| read:jira-user | Allows reading information about Jira users | Comment API |
| read:issue:jira | Allows reading information about Jira issues |  Issue API|
| write:issue:jira | Allows creating and updating Jira issues | Issue API |
| read:comment:jira | Allows reading information about Jira comments | Comments API |

### Feature 5: Predictive Epic/User Story Generation

AI Jennie can generate a list of Predictive Epics and User stories based on the project definition. It uses the natural processing language to understand the context of the Project Definition and Epic/User story suggestion prompt template and generates the predictive Epics and User stories. You can select the Epic and User story that meets your requirement from the Predictive list generated by AI Jeannie.

**Permissions:** read:jira-work, read:jira-user, read:issue:jira, write:issue:jira, read:comment:jira

| Scope | Description | API Usage |
| --- | --- | --- |
| read:jira-work | Allows reading information about Jira worklogs | Issue API |
| read:jira-user | Allows reading information about Jira users | Comment API |
| read:issue:jira | Allows reading information about Jira issues |  Issue API|
| write:issue:jira | Allows creating and updating Jira issues | Issue API |
| read:comment:jira | Allows reading information about Jira comments | Comments API |

### Feature 6: Sequence Diagram Generation

AI Jeannie can also generate sequence-diagram based on User Story acceptance criteria. Sequence diagrams are visual representations of the interactions between different components or modules in a system. AI Jeannie can automatically generate sequence diagrams that illustrate the flow of actions and communication between various entities in the system. 

**Permissions:** read:jira-work, read:jira-user, read:issue:jira, write:issue:jira, read:comment:jira

| Scope | Description | API Usage |
| --- | --- | --- |
| read:jira-work | Allows reading information about Jira worklogs | Issue API |
| read:jira-user | Allows reading information about Jira users | Comment API |
| read:issue:jira | Allows reading information about Jira issues |  Issue API|
| write:issue:jira | Allows creating and updating Jira issues | Issue API |
| read:comment:jira | Allows reading information about Jira comments | Comments API |

